Updates for 7.1 (#283)
zeek/zeek-docs: frameworks/broker.rst

to topic names ``zeek/events/foo`` and ``zeek/events/bar`` but not
``zeek/misc``.

.. note::

   In prior Zeek versions, :zeek:see:`Broker::auto_publish` was available to

>    automatically send events to peers whenever the event ere called locally via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   automatically send events to peers whenever the events were called locally via
```
